Your Honour, as you stand by, 2014 has become the only capital city in Japan in a Gust Affairs as their Delete referred to in my Giveaway speech about the
but is not the case within Kamayanaikaku.
We should have an example that we can show in no time or in no time,
Is that done?
Of course, we cannot afford a riverside bar
As you know, Kawase Soba has decreased by 2% and 3%.
In order to reduce the price of Kawase Soba, the price of imported goods has increased.
For example, cotton, thread, and cotton have increased by 2% or more.
The people who own these goods have a huge profit.
However, the number of people who do not have to buy these goods has increased.
I do not believe in such things.
The current economic situation is that the number of people who buy goods has increased.
If the price of goods increases, it is the real problem.
This will change the situation.
When the war in Europe began in the first three years of your memory,
foreign countries bought a lot of Japanese goods.
For this reason, the sales of Japanese goods increased, and the stock market was better.
This is the real problem.
I will talk about the current situation.
I have shown that the price of goods has increased by avoiding the price of money.
However, due to the power of law, the number of people who buy goods has increased overnight.
I do not think that the current situation will continue for a long time.
The people's party has been working hard to build seriously.
The voice of the voice is on the contrary, it is being destroyed.
I hope that you will judge the public.